hey guys decided to do a video I got
called out yeah I always say I'm gonna
you know I'm gonna be very transparent
so I got called out what I mean by that
is I zone Lazard as people would call
dr. evil
aisel mozart basically put my video up
there and then he showed pictures of the
document but the thing that it's a
hundred percent fabricated well you know
I'll call myself out I was wrong I was
wrong if he's got the documents to prove
it then that's fine if he actually
showed himself in the courthouse and
then Joe best was in there during the
hearings that's fine so you know I was
wrong I'm up I'm a bigger person to
admit that however I do think that there
is still some type of stuff that's made
up in the vegan community um as far as
older people though that got misled or
taken in like I could I could say I was
one of them to a certain extent my
reality hit when I went to the festival
which I would call more of a meet-up
that was in Chiangmai and I just
realized that you know this is pretty
much all smoke and mirrors and a scam
there is no what was a festival is is
not anymore I know it's a long video I'm
kind of rambling here
I'll admit I was wrong you know I you
know I gave it a shot I thought it was a
pretty good accusation and if somebody
has the evidence to back it up that
that's fine he showed me that evidence
the money could have went to much better
use than putting it towards a court
system that's that's basically not gonna
do anything and it was just what to make
a point that he's defamed now and nobody
listens to him well that may be the case
but I think that people have to use
their own mind in their own judgement
now I made a judgment about
aisel vegan cheetah and during Ryder and
I was wrong
I was wrong to a certain extent you know
he said he said he said I said there was
never any documents and he proved the
documents so I was wrong I got called
out on it and hey I'll admit that I was
wrong now we'll hear this probably not
maybe doesn't matter but the point that
I'm trying to make here is that when we
spend too much money on all I'm taking
this person to court than that person to
court you're basically putting yourself
no better than everybody else that's
just making up frivolous lawsuits and
spending money where the money can be
spent on better resources and this is
why I am NOT vegan this is why I don't
support the vegan community because it's
all about drama it's all about slander
it's all about you know you know let me
take this person down because they said
this whereas if you just walked away
from it and concentrated on your own
health your own well-being
[Music]
ablution ah ba Lu Ciel